Hey, so just a few notes
about Amazon S3 Replications.
So after you enable Replication, as you've seen,
only new objects are going to be replicated.
And if you want to replicate existing objects,
then you need to use the S3 Batch Replication feature.
So this will replicate the existing objects
and the objects that have failed Replication,
and in case you have delete operations,
you can replicate these delete markers
from the source bucket to the target bucket.
It's an optional setting, but if you have a deletion
with the version ID, they are not replicated,
so if it's a permanent deletion,
because you want to avoid malicious deletes happening
from one bucket to another.
Finally, there's no chaining of replications.
So that means that if bucket one
has replication to bucket two,
and then, bucket two has replication to bucket three,
then the objects of bucket one
are not replicated into the bucket three, so that's it.
I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.